Namespace aggregates (#20)
get-convex/aggregate: README.md

that the Aggregate component makes easy and efficient:

1. Count the total number of scores: `aggregate.count(ctx)`
2. Count the number of scores greater than 65: `aggregate.count(ctx, { bounds: { lower: { key: 65, inclusive: false } } })`
3. Find the p95 score: `aggregate.at(ctx, Math.floor(aggregate.count(ctx) * 0.95))`
4. Find the overall average score: `aggregate.sum(ctx) / aggregate.count(ctx)`
5. Find the ranking for a score of 65 in the leaderboard: `aggregate.indexOf(ctx, 65)`
6. Find the average score for an individual user. You can define another aggregate
   grouped by user and aggregate within each:

```ts
// aggregateScoreByUser is the leaderboard scores grouped by username.
const bounds = { prefix: [username] };
const highScoreForUser = await aggregateScoreByUser.max(ctx, { bounds });
const avgScoreForUser =
  await aggregateScoreByUser.sum(ctx, { bounds }) /
  await aggregateScoreByUser.count(ctx, { bounds });
// It still enables adding or averaging all scores across all usernames.
const globalAverageScore = await aggregateScoreByUser.sum(ctx) /
  await aggregateScoreByUser.count(ctx);
```

> 7. Alternatively, you can define a third aggregate with separate namespaces,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Alternatively, you can define an aggregate with separate namespaces,
```

your data from any altitude. You can do a global `count` to see how many total
data points there are, or you can zero in on an individual group of the data.

However, there's a tradeoff: nearby data points can interfere with each other
in the internal data structure, reducing throughput. See
[below](#read-dependencies-and-writes) for more details. To avoid interference,
you can use Namespaces.

### Namespacing

If your data is separated into distinct partitions, and you don't need to
aggregate between partitions, then you can put each partition into its own
namespace. Each namespace gets its own internal data structure.

If your app has multiple games, it's not useful to aggregate scores across
different games. The scoring system for chess isn't related to the scoring
system for football. So we can namespace our scores based on the game.

Whenever we aggregate scores, we *must* specify the namespace.
On the other hand, the internal aggregation data structure can keep the scores
separate and keep throughput high.

Here's how you would create the aggregate we just described:

```ts
const leaderboardByGame = new TableAggregate<{

>   namespace: Id<"games">,
>   key: number,
>   dataModel: DataModel,
>   tableName: "scores",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Namespace: Id<"games">,
  Key: number,
  DataModel: DataModel,
  TableName: "scores",
```

Reviewer: and I'm not sure if that allows you to do just `DataModel,`

Author: It does not allow that. While i'm find-replacing, i was wondering if Key should be called SortKey

import { mutation as rawMutation } from "./_generated/server";
import { TableAggregate } from "@convex-dev/aggregate";

const aggregate = new TableAggregate<{

>   namespace: undefined,
>   key: number,
>   dataModel: DataModel,
>   tableName: "mytable",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Namespace: undefined,
  Key: number,
  DataModel: DataModel,
  TableName: "mytable",
```

table:

```ts
const aggregateByGame = new TableAggregate<{

>   namespace: Id<"games">,
>   key: [string, number],
>   dataModel: DataModel,
>   tableName: "leaderboard"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Namespace: Id<"games">,
  Key: [string, number],
  DataModel: DataModel,
  TableName: "leaderboard"
```

### Total Count and Randomization

If you don't need the ordering, partitioning, or summing behavior of
`TableAggregate`, you can set `namespace: undefined` and `sortKey: null`.

```ts
const randomize = new TableAggregate<{

>   namespace: undefined,
>   key: null,
>   dataModel: DataModel,
>   tableName: "mytable",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Namespace: undefined,
  Key: null,
  DataModel: DataModel,
  TableName: "mytable",
```

to worry about items going missing from your list. But sometimes you want to
display separate pages of results on separate pages of your app.

For this example, imagine you have a table of photo albums.

```ts
// convex/schema.ts
defineSchema({
  photos: defineTable({
    album: v.string(),
    url: v.string(),
  }).index("by_album_creation_time", ["album"]),
});
```

And an aggregate defined with key as `_creationTime` and namespace as `album`.

```ts
// convex/convex.config.ts
app.use(aggregate, { name: "photos" });

// convex/photos.ts
const photos = new TableAggregate<{

>   namespace: string,  // album name
>   key: number,  // creation time
>   dataModel: DataModel,
>   tableName: "photos",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Namespace: string,  // album name
  Key: number,  // creation time
  DataModel: DataModel,
  TableName: "photos",
```

import { components } from "./_generated/api";
import { DataModel } from "./_generated/dataModel";
import { DirectAggregate } from "@convex-dev/aggregate";
// Note the `id` should be unique to be a tie-breaker in case two data points
// have the same key.
const aggregate = new DirectAggregate<{

>   key: number,
>   id: string,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Key: number,
  Id: string,
```
